## What is research?

### Personal research

-	Finding out for yourself.
	-	using learning resources to address gaps in your knowledge.

-	This type of research is necessary for you personally but is not a project in of itself.

### interpretative research

-	Drawing conclusions by comparing and contrasting other peoples research.
-	Mostly used in the humanities.
-	Can be useful as on overview of a topic but rarely contains the detail necessary for in-depth understanding.

-	Although your project will need to include a basic literature review of your chosen area, it is not suitable as a project.

### research question / hypothesis

-	Devising a hypothesis and testing it. Classically the realm of experiments.
	-	experiments, mathematical proof, etc.

-	Suitable for a final year project.

### productive research / problem solving

-	Developing a solution to a specific real-world problem utilising skills gained on your course.
	-	Most typically require a partial or full implementation of a computing solution.

-	Very suitable for a final year project.
	-	Need proof of concepts, prototypes,  models, frameworks, mock-ups, etc.



## Research statement

-	Try to disprove the null hypothesis instead of proving a hypothesis.

## primary research

-	 deriving a problem from the real world.
-	 Understanding how other people have tried to solve the problem and spotting the gaps in their knowledge.
	-	 Understanding the range of directions you can go in to try and solve the problem.
-	 

