# AW300CAW - Academic Writing Skills

James Thomas
9195071


## Contents



## Introduction

This report will analyse a previously submitted assignment that scored very poor marks. This analysis will aid in breaking down what caused the assessment to score so poorly and then using what was learned to help structure my dissertation proposal to a much higher standard.

## Previous Assessment

For the previous assessment I have chosen my lowest scoring submission on the course in which I was awarded 54%. This assessment let us chose our topic from a list of 5, I chose to argue that "Autonomous vehicles are not safe enough to be the solution for the future".

### Structure

The assignment brief stated that the submitted work should be a "Demonstration/Report on a  practical issue". I must have misread or ignored the brief in this aspect as I wrote in an essay style instead. This lost me marks and I think put me in an incorrect mindset for what I should have been writing, effecting the style of writing I produced as well. There's also no formal introduction that would allow the reader to understand the background that's necessary for the rest of my report to be understandable (MIT, n.d).

### Pre-writing phase

In this assessment I didn't really undertake a pre-writing phase, at the most I gathered two to three references of objectively poor quality to base some of my points around before starting to write. This caused the assignment to become disjointed in places, repeating previous points and not really following  

### Reference credibility

The overall quality of references in this assignment varied from articles written by possibly bias third party news websites to formal measuring systems used in scientific settings. For example I used a reference to an article discussing a survey discussing whether the population reads the terms of services or not. This reference could have been improved by finding the source material (the survey paper) and referencing that instead, the source material may also have had more details I missed by just using the article.

### Writing style

Due to writing this assessment as an essay I used a lot of personals such as "I" and "we". I also used some informal language that shouldn't be present in a informative report such as "obviously" where I should have been demonstrating my point with arguments and references instead of assuming the reader has connected the dots themselves. These two factors combined give my assignment an informal, less trustworthy and casual theme unsuitable for the formal report that was asked for in the brief.

## Dissertation Proposal

## Conclusion

## References

MIT. n.d. Journal Article: Introduction. https://mitcommlab.mit.edu/broad/commkit/journal-article-introduction/